April 29, 2002
Legal Advisor
San Diego County Sheriff’s Department
P.O. Box 85306
San Diego, California 92186
Re: Public Records Act Request
Dear Sir:
Pursuant to the California Public Records Act (Gov. Code sec. 6250 et seq.) I ask to
obtain a copy of the following, which I understand to be held by your agency:
1.

A copy of your PAS device method on file with the State Department of Health
Services, if any.

2.

All written procedures to be used by operators using the your PAS devices, or
testifying to results of PAS devices.

3.

All documents from the Department of Health Services to you, and all documents
from you to the Department of Health Services, regarding your use of the PAS,
PBT or Alco-Sensor IV machine for a period time from January 1, 1990 to
present.

4.

A copy of your summary of your course of instruction, and list of instructors and
their qualifications for the PAS, PBT and/or Alco-Sensor IV.

5.

Written calibration and quality control procedures used by you for determination
of accuracy of the PAS or PBT machine used by your officers for a period of time
from January 1, 1990 to present.

6.

The precautionary check list to be used by operators of your PAS or PBT
machines.

7.

A copy of your most recent Training Manual issued to officers for Detection of
Intoxicated persons.

8.

A copy of the most recent DRE manual issued to DRE Officers.

9.

Provide all training, documentation, letters and all general correspondence to
officers from 1995 regarding using phlebotomists to draw blood in DUI cases

10.

All correspondence letters and documentation to and from San Diego County
Sheriff’s Department to American Forensic Nurses regarding using Phlebotomists
to draw blood in DUI cases from 1995 to present.

11.

All contracts entered in to between San Diego County Sheriff’s Department and
American Forensic Nurses regarding American Forensic Nurses providing
Phlebotomists to draw blood in DUI cases from 1998 to present.

I request immediate access to these reports during regular business hours, as well as a
copies of the each requested listing. I am willing to pay direct costs of duplication, but am not
required by the Public Records Act to pay for fees to search, review, redact or copy records. You
may limit your initially authorized copy cost to $100.00. Access under CIPRA is free and
immediate.
Please respond in writing if you reject any part of this request or if you intend to give
yourself an extension for copies. Please also respond in writing if any of the above listed items
are not held by your office. Deletions are required if part of a request or a particular document is
exempt. Non-exempt portions must be provided. Please identify the Government Code section
which you believe applies to any redacted or exempt portion of the requested report(s).
If I can provide clarification that will help expedite your attention to my request, please
contact me at the number below.
Thank you for your anticipated cooperation. I look forward to your speedy response.
Sincerely,

Nadim Said
Law Clerk

